Game Play
Primary Actor: Admin
Stakeholders Interests:
    Player: Wants his/her stats to be recorded so that records of their performance can be found.
    Captain: Wants overall team stats to be recorded as well as the individuals so that and individual player performance can be improved.
    Coach: Wants team stats to be recorded especially so that overall performance can be improved.
    Team: Wants the stats to be recorded as a whole and be accurate.

Preconditions:
    Team is about to begin play.

Success Guarantee (Postconditions):
    Team stats have been recorded and can be found on the team page. Individual stats are recorded and can be found on the player page.

Main Success Scenario:
    1. Admin roll begins game page.
    2. Starting seven players are selected from the team roster.
    3. Once the team begins offensive posession, the player to start with the disc is chosen from the list of current players.
    4. The player that catches the disc after a throw is made and the thrower gains a completion.
    5. Repeat step 4 until a turnover is made or a point is scored. If a point is scored then a completion is added to the thrower, otherwise an incompletion is recorded.
    6. The system will wait until the next offensive posession occurs, allowing for substitutions to be made if the point was scored.
    7. Once a point is scored the system updates the players stats.
    8. Repeat step 6 and 7 until the time limit for the game is reached or a team reaches the point total in order to win.
    9. Game ends.
    
Exceptions:
    EX1: Injury occured.
        If an injury occured, during an active point, the system should allow for a substitution to be made during a point if necessary.
        If completed passes occured after the injury occured, but before play was allowed to resume, these completions should be able to be removed.
        Go to main success step 5.
    EX2: Penalty occured.
        If completed passes occured after the penalty occured, but before play was allowed to resume, these completions should be able to be removed.
        Go to main success step 5.
    EX3: Time expires during a point.
        If the time allowed for a game expires during a point, play continues until a point is scored.
        Go to main success step 7.

Non-Functional Requirements
    NF1: (Applies to main success step 5)
        System should record completions within 2 seconds.